created tutorial folder/added tutorial files/ (#62)
smartmind-team/thanosql-tutorial: README.md

# ThanoSQL Tutorial Data

## Template
* Please use templates when you start to create a new tutorial.

> * Must copy and paste the template file to your tutorial file directory and do first commit before editing the template file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Must copy and paste the template file to your tutorial file directory and commit it as a first commit before editing the template file.  
```
